{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=5886, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15820\viewh16600\viewkind1\viewscale121
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Getting Started
\b0 \
\

\b How do I run Quick Setup?
\b0 \
After Victory is installed and you are logged into your site, the first step is to run Quick Setup.  In your WP Dashboard, Go to the Victory options panel, make sure that quick setup is checked (it is checked by defautl) and click the "run quick setup button."\
Quick Setup is optional but it is highly recommended as it pre-populates pages, menus and default settings so your website is 95% finished in seconds.  Quick setup saves time and avoids configuration so all you have to do is edit.\
\

\b How do I set up my blog?
\b0 \
First, create a page where your blog will live (i.e. blog, my thoughts, ramblings). In your WP dashboard, go to Settings => Reading => drop down the Posts Page and select the name of your blog page.  All posts that you create will be added to your blog.\
\
\

\b How do I change the colors of different site elements?
\b0 \
If you are a developer, you can enter custom CSS into the CSS box.  For testing your CSS changes, we recommend that you use Google Developer Tools or Firefox.\
In our next version of Victory we will include more color customization for non-developers.\
\
\
\
\

\b Sidebar & Widgets
\b0 \
\

\b How do I set up the Action Buttons in the sidebar?
\b0 \
Go to your WordPress dashboard, go to Widgets and drop down the Primary Aside widget area.  Dropdown the Victory Action Buttons widget.  You can modify the button's title and select a page for the user be directed to upon click.  To direct the user to an external site, select "Other (provide external url)" and paste in your external URL in the field that appears.\
\

\b How do I set up the Facebook Widget?
\b0 \
Go to your WordPress dashboard, go to Widgets and dropdown the Primary Aside widget area.  Dropdown the Facebook Widget and paste in your Facebook Page ID or Facebook Page URL. After you set your Facebook Widget options, click save.  Note, for the Facebook Widget to work, you must have a Facebook Page ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.facebook.com/FacebookPages"}}{\fldrslt http://www.facebook.com/FacebookPages}}).  A Facebook Profile will not work.  To learn more about WordPress Widgets, go to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.facebook.com/FacebookPages"}}{\fldrslt http://www.facebook.com/FacebookPages}}\
\

\b Why is my Facebook Widget not working?
\b0 \
In order to use the Facebook widget, you must have a facebook page for your campaign or candidate.  A Facebook profile will not work.\
\

\b How do I set up the Twitter Widget?
\b0 \
Go to your WordPress dashboard, go to Widgets and dropdown the Primary Aside widget area.  Dropdown the Twitter Widget and paste in your Twitter username (i.e. your Twitter Handle).  After setting your Twitter options, click save.  To learn more about WordPress Widgets, go to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.facebook.com/FacebookPages"}}{\fldrslt http://www.facebook.com/FacebookPages}}\
\

\b How do I modify the Social Media Icons in the sidebar?
\b0 \
Go to your WordPress dashboard, go to Widgets and dropdown the Primary Aside widget area.  Dropdown the Social Media Icons widget and paste in your URL for each social media service that you use.  The default icons that show up have a URL of "#" which is an HTML placeholder.  If you do not want an icon to appear, simply delete any text within the icon input box.  If the social media icon box is blank, no icon will appear.\
\
\
\
\
\

\b Slider
\b0 \
\

\b What is the Nivo Slider for?
\b0 \
The Nivo Slider is for images only.  You can may also add captions to each slide in the Nivo slider. \
Your images should be cropped appropriately (the dimensions can be found in the slider section).  Images that are too big will cause breaks in your page, creating a strange appearance.  Images that are too small will look awkward because blank space will be leftover.\
For images only, use the Nivo Slider.\
\

\b What is the Anything Slider for?
\b0 \
Well, anything really!  The Anything Slider is for a combination of images and video slides.  Anything allows you to include Youtube or Vimeo videos in your slider in addition to image slides.\
For images only use Nivo, for images and video use the Anything; pretty simple.\
\

\b How do I resize my slider images?
\b0 \
If you have Photoshop check out this tutorial: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzFZVKF21lU&feature=related"}}{\fldrslt http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzFZVKF21lU&feature=related}}\
If you don't have Photoshop, download and install GIMP (it's free!) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gimp.org/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.gimp.org/}}\
And watch this GIMP tutorial on cropping and resizing photos:  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rGGpOTSpbc"}}{\fldrslt http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rGGpOTSpbc}}\
\

\b Why is my slider caption below/outside my slider?
\b0 \
If your slider caption is in an odd position, it's 99% likely that you didn't crop your slider image to the correct dimension before uploading it.  Check the dimensions on the slider type you have selected and crop the photos to match the size listed in the the slider secdtion.\
\

\b How many images should I have in my slider?
\b0 \
For the Nivo Slider, use four to five images at most.  Any more images and your site performance and load time will suffer.  If you are using the Anything Slider, we recommend having one video slide and two to three image slides; any more than that and your site performance and load time will suffer.\
\

\b How do I set up a donation page?
\b0 \
To create a PayPal donation button, follow this tutorial:  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.paypal.com/us/cgi-bin/?cmd=_donate-intro-outside"}}{\fldrslt https://www.paypal.com/us/cgi-bin/?cmd=_donate-intro-outside}}\
Alternatively, you could use Piryx ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.piryx.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.piryx.com/}}) and create an external donation page.\
\
\
\
\
Additional Topics to Cover\
\
How do I add Events?\
	Got to your WP dashboard, go to Pages, go to Add New Page.  Before you Publish your new page, drop down the template tab and select Events template.  Then click Publish	\
How do I post News?\
	Got to your WP dashboard, go to Pages, go to Add New Page.  Before you Publish your new page, drop down the template tab and select News template.  Then click Publish.\
\
How do I insert my Logo?\
\
\
How do I change the color of one navigation manue (example, make my donate menu item red to stand out)?\
\
\
Color Match\
\
How do Manage and Edit my menus?\
appearance -> menus\
\
Disable Quick Setup (Not Recommended)\
\
\
How do I turn off meta info on posts?	\
	Taking Date, Comments, and author on and off\
	\
	\
Custom CSS Box\
	\
How do I insert an Announcement?\
}